Updated electron system browser app to use acquireTokenInteractive API (#5350)
AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js: samples/msal-node-samples/ElectronSystemBrowserTestApp/README.md

## Should I use this sample

> Understanding the way MSAL Node is used in this sample will help you if you're interested in building an Electron.js application to authenticate and acquire tokens using the system browser. Native apps that use the browser for authorization are more secure and can take advantage of the user's authentication session in the browser to enable single sign-on.

Reviewer: Can we rephrase as: This sample demonstrates how to integrate MSAL Node for authenticating your electron application....

Author: Done

     - Select **Register** to create the application.
1. In the list of pages for the app, select **Authentication**.
1. Select **Add a platform**, select **Mobile and desktop applications**.

> 1. In the **Redirect URIs** list, under **Suggested Redirect URIs for (mobile, desktop)** be sure to add `http://localhost` to the list of **Redirect URIs**.

Reviewer: we remove the port for electron?

Author: Done!

     - Select **Register** to create the application.
1. In the list of pages for the app, select **Authentication**.
1. Select **Add a platform**, select **Mobile and desktop applications**.

> 1. In the **Redirect URIs** list, under **Suggested Redirect URIs for (mobile, desktop)** be sure to add `http://localhost` to the list of **Redirect URIs**. We will use the default `msal{Your_Application/Client_Id}://auth` **Redirect Uri** as our Custom URL Scheme, but more about that in the configure the application section.

Reviewer 2: This is confusing. The redirect URI is just the localhost. `msal{Your_Application/Client_Id}://auth` is used coincidentally for deep linking purposes, but it's not where the auth code response is received.

Author: Done

1. Select **Configure**.

> #### Configure Optional Claims

Reviewer 2: Same comment about keeping the sample lean. IMO we can leave this out.

Author: Removed

   1. Replace the string `Enter_the_Cloud_Instance_Id_Here` with `https://login.microsoftonline.com`.
   1. Replace the string `Enter_the_Graph_Endpoint_Here`. with `https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0`.

1. To enable deep linking in the application, open the [successTemplate.html](./public/successTemplate.html) file and provide the required configuration value:

>    1. Fill in your application/client ID in the string `msal{Your_Application/Client_Id}://auth`. If you like, you can replace this value with any unique string.

Reviewer 3: A bit confused by the last sentence here. Can it really be _any_ string? If so, what constitutes as "unique"?

Author: I updated the description and added a link to the electron docs.

>    1. Replace the string `Enter_the_default_Redirect_Uri_Here` with the default redirect Uri generated by portal `msal{Your_Application/Client_Id}://auth`. We are using the default redirect Uri as an example, which has nothing to do with the authentication process. You can replace this value with any unique scheme.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   1. Fill in your application/client ID in the string `msal{Your_Application/Client_Id}://auth`. If you like, you can replace this value with any unique string.
```

   1. Replace the string `Enter_the_Cloud_Instance_Id_Here` with `https://login.microsoftonline.com`.
   1. Replace the string `Enter_the_Graph_Endpoint_Here`. with `https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0`.

> 1. Open the [successTemplate.html](./public/successTemplate.html) file and provide the required configuration value

Reviewer 3: Can you go into a little more detail on what is required here?

Reviewer 2: +1

Author: @tnorling @derisen I added an explanation in the readme and a comment in the successTemplate.html file. We can change the value to any unique string if it is still confusing.

### Custom URL Scheme

To demonstrate best security practices, this Electron sample uses a custom URL scheme `msal{Your_Application/Client_Id}://auth` that will launch the app when the URL with that scheme is visited.

> Using the [acquireTokenInteractive](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js/blob/0596334bde059484b6f37b1a2337af4e9655f9e9/lib/msal-node/src/client/PublicClientApplication.ts#L91) API, the desktop application starts the [Authorization code flow with PKCE flow](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/develop/v2-oauth2-auth-code-flow) by launching and navigating the system browser to authorization code URL and listens for the authorization code response via loopback server. Once the code is received successfully, `acquireTokenInteractive` will load the assigned **successTemplate**.

Reviewer 3: We should point to docs (TypeDocs are fine for now if more detailed docs don't exist yet) rather than the code.

Author: done

### Custom URL Scheme

To demonstrate best security practices, this Electron sample uses a custom URL scheme `msal{Your_Application/Client_Id}://auth` that will launch the app when the URL with that scheme is visited.

> Using the `acquireTokenInteractive` API, the desktop application starts the [Authorization code flow with PKCE flow](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/develop/v2-oauth2-auth-code-flow) by launching the system browser using a loopback server to redirect to `successTemplate.html` with the authorization code in the browser. The browser will launch the application upon receiving the authorization code from the **AzureAD**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Using the [acquireTokenInteractive](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js/blob/0596334bde059484b6f37b1a2337af4e9655f9e9/lib/msal-node/src/client/PublicClientApplication.ts#L91) API, the desktop application starts the [Authorization code flow with PKCE flow](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/develop/v2-oauth2-auth-code-flow) by launching and navigating the system browser to authorization code URL and listens for the authorization code response via loopback server. Once the code is received successfully, `acquireTokenInteractive` will load the assigned **successTemplate**.
```

```typescript
 async getTokenInteractive(
        tokenRequest: SilentFlowRequest
    ): Promise<AuthenticationResult> {
        try {
            const openBrowser = async (url: any) => {
                await shell.openExternal(url);
            };

            const interactiveRequest: InteractiveRequest = {
                ...tokenRequest,
                openBrowser,
                successTemplate: (

>                     await promises.readFile("./public/successTemplate.html")

Reviewer 3: Can we do this synchronously?

Author: Done

                ).toString(),
                errorTemplate: (
                    await promises.readFile("./public/errorTemplate.html")
                ).toString(),
            };

            const authResponse =
                await this.clientApplication.acquireTokenInteractive(
                    interactiveRequest
                );
            return authResponse;
        } catch (error) {
            throw error;
        }
    }
```

#### Redirect page

> We used a loopback server to host the static web pages [successTemplate](./public/successTemplate.html) and [errorTemplate](./public/errorTemplate.html.html) to serve as the redirect pages. The `successTemplate.html` will receive the authorization code as a query parameter from **AzureAD** and on button click will trigger the Custom URL Scheme `msal{Your_Application/Client_Id}://auth` to launch the application. Deploying the static web page and using it as a redirect page for the electron app is recommended. For more information on hosting a static website on **Azure Storage**, please see [Host a static website on Blob Storage](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/storage/blobs/storage-blob-static-website-host)

Reviewer 2: I don't think this is true or relevant anymore

Author: Removed

1. After running the sample, the desktop app window will appear automatically
1. Select the **Sign In** button in the top right.
![Screenshot](./ReadmeFiles/Screenshot-Sign-in.png)

> 1. The browser will open on port `http://localhost` click continue to finish the authentication process.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. The app will open a browser to Azure AD for the user to sign-in.
```
